app onboarding: document how meshed applications can access the k8s api server (#218)
openservicemesh/osm-docs: content/docs/guides/app_onboarding/_index.md

    - [demo/deploy-traffic-split.sh](https://github.com/openservicemesh/osm/blob/release-v0.9/demo/deploy-traffic-split.sh)
    - [demo/deploy-traffic-target.sh](https://github.com/openservicemesh/osm/blob/release-v0.9/demo/deploy-traffic-target.sh)

>     If a service in the mesh needs to communicate with the Kubernetes API server, the user needs to explicitly add the Kubernetes API server's cluster IP address to the list of Global outbound IP ranges for exclusion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If an application in the mesh needs to communicate with the Kubernetes API server, the user needs to explicitly add the Kubernetes API server's address to the list of Global outbound IP ranges for exclusion. The IP address could be a cluster IP address or a public IP address and should be appropriately excluded for connectivity to the Kubernetes API server.
```

    
    1. Get the Kubernetes API server cluster IP:
     ```console
     $ kubectl get svc -n default
     NAME         TYPE        CLUSTER-IP   EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)   AGE
     kubernetes   ClusterIP   10.0.0.1     <none>        443/TCP   1d
     ```
    2. Add this IP to the MeshConfig so that outbound traffic to it is excluded from interception by OSM's sidecar
    ```console
    $ kubectl patch meshconfig osm-mesh-config -n kube-system -p '{"spec":{"traffic":{"outboundIPRangeExclusionList":["10.0.0.1/32"]}}}'  --type=merge
    meshconfig.config.openservicemesh.io/osm-mesh-config patched
    ```

> 

Reviewer 2: Can we add a note here to say the that even for access to IDMS and Azure DNS the IP address need to be excluded

Reviewer: @snehachhabria I don't think we should be listing platform-specific instructions here.
